I thought that actually the Knicks would
also build one but he's gonna be gone
for a mech and probably a guardian
Greece built oh maybe a little bit late
I'm to deny they'll put this tower and
although the left shark is here I don't
know about the VPN I'm gonna be silent
on the BK h on finishing off one
mortgage I'll come out Charlie come to
get set and resolution will be working
on that mask and that is really hurting
there now I wanted to see a brace
etiquette on kinetic field on 23 at war
again will be nuketown silent gotta fall
a little bit later if Isis eyes pursues
further into the trees but member will
go down to revolution the look for my as
well and right now someone show love
always gonna fly keep them up we're
going to see FYI caught out one beat
well actually I said I spent some time
in a sticky wicket we're gonna see the
shadow straight carapace but with frozen
schedule as well I sucess just can't get
away he'll have been his balls but he
will also fall silent could be in
trouble they have a echo Sam
khosla there we go encompassing a chance
odom but Davey turn around oh my gosh
silent are not kidding me first fish on
the mix assassin you more than words
we're gonna see if guns back on you'll
see but how is so dense to right and it
gets close oh yeah I'm gonna get stunned
oh my gosh and play up just turn this
game completely onix's keeping good
estimate of burns now on 270 y'all's I'm
gonna go in two buddies come to Carter
for the left or to school already we're
going to see me to try to do something
that people use on these flash not doing
enough power to diversity defensibility
can't compete really the damage Empire
they have taken down the lash out for
the second time and it's going to be all
on FY here s wife having an echo slam
onto to kiss the encoder but there's a
glimmer cape on silent the pod to
satanic a try to fight it out resolution
to PK be doing work as well blinks out
in time cameras Ian punch we're gonna
see the death of the juggernaut and he
has to buy back now it's just a game
even with the buyback they know they've
lost Empire didn't lose a single hero in
there this actually might be ships
passing in the night no it's gonna be
resolution found out here he's gonna go
for the stun right here on offender he
doesn't have a BKB but there's going to
be a relocate resolution home free and
the Deaf world leading with cavalry
though oh they're bringing 05 islet I
think they could take this fight yo ki
gotta look for the perfect setup here
and now they have to go in full retreat
silent considering its options there's a
sonic wave beautiful jump onto the
enigma and there's a call on a bend rear
down instantly and that resolution find
my on the side he could go for a TV away
but avalanche is there and FY is gonna
be going down back on the front and
still have a pursuit on to super
actually silent in a bad spot babe its
grave and he blinks out and I always
want to fly keeping his distance she
consulted wife and yogi has the blink in
just two seconds goes in willy called
looking for the dunk and there is going
to be a shindy save you when this would
be kids from accounting gimmick said
they have no egg is left to warded it
all the work she can see a fight break
out and jumping over that risky at room
802 man sonic wave playing dubs well
supports instantly and without buybacks
they can't do anything here out all
alone and nygma jumping to the high
ground here just trying to keep his
distance there is gonna be a midnight
place they don't want to fight into that
but there's gonna be another call on two
super and this could be a fatal once and
the room for the dogs that don't come
through resolution gets grave will be
over by a little friends you're sweating
out against oh we're gonna see the job
rio dealing ammo magic wand audit and
keeping alive resolution sir meister all
of it and they write out all forward
it's actually almost doubling up that pv
i mean actually relocate gonna finish
off how this just trying to farm up one
more item but observer ward catches out
that movement early and yogis there with
the jump the berserkers tall locking
down the first back and now with that
guy back he's out for 75 and this is
going to be BG gaming
their last stand here ice ice ice I'm
just going to keep the camera within a
vision of Pammy hafsat you get the BK b
but there's no smoke to hide em home
he'll be visible in just a moment here
yes you may see it specific they know
about the black hole but he's still
gonna go fight they pop that GG while
they go for the numerical black hole it
sure is pretty finish not gonna do
I sighs I've got to be cleaned up and
that is going to be the game going to
hems are eliminating vici from final
contention